Groups API's updated info (#873)
wix-incubator/wix-rest-docs: all/guides/wix-groups/docs/Introduction.md

SortOrder: 0

# About the Groups APIs

> The Groups APIs allows you to offer site members places to participate in discussions, share media, and more. Site members are created and managed using the [Members APIs](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/members-contacts/members/introduction), which handle member accounts, profiles, and authentication.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Groups APIs allows you to offer site members places to participate in discussions, share media, and more. You can create and manage site members using the [Members APIs](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/members-contacts/members/introduction), which handle member accounts, profiles, and authentication.
```
Generally best to avoid passive voice. There are exceptions, but in this case, the passive voice makes it sound like *only* with the APIs can this be done.

With the Groups APIs, you can:
- Create and manage [groups](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/groups/introduction).
- Manage group [rules](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/rules/introduction).
- Manage [requests](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/create-requests/introduction) to create new groups.
- Manage group [members](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/members/introduction).
- Manage group member [roles](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/roles/introduction).
- Manage member [requests to join](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/join-requests/introduction) groups.
- Manage [membership questions](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/membership-questions/introduction) for prospective members. 

Read more about [Wix Groups](https://support.wix.com/en/article/wix-groups-about-groups). 

## Use cases

> This article presents possible use cases and corresponding sample flows that you can support. This can be a helpful jumping off point as you plan your implementation.

Reviewer: This text is meant to appear at the top of a sample flow article, not here.

- [Create a group for a predefined list of people](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/example-flow#create-a-group-for-a-predefined-list-of-people).
- [Manage bulk emailing to group members](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/example-flow#manage-bulk-emailing-to-group-members).
- [Provide analytical reports](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/example-flow#provide-analytical-reports).
- [Send promotional emails based on members' interests](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/example-flow#send-promotional-emails-based-on-members-interests).

> - [Bulk update group rules](https://dev.wix.com/docs/rest/crm/community/groups/example-flow#bulk-update-group-rules).

Reviewer: You should change the title (in the sidebar menu) of the Example Flow to Sample Flows. This will necessitate correcting the links here.
